callToActionLinkTarget on site editor (#768)
vtex-apps/store-components: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> ### Fixed
> 
> - Option to edit `callToActionLinkTarget` on site editor  

Reviewer: I would consider this an `Added` scenario :)

```suggestion
### Added
- Option to edit `callToActionLinkTarget` prop from the InfoCard on site editor.
```
